Suncoast Productions

18 U.S.C. 2257 Compliance Notices
§2257 Exemption Statement
All models appearing on this Website were 18 or older when the images were created.
Exemption Statement - Content Produced by Operators: With regard to any visual depictions appearing on this website, for which the operators of this website may be considered "producers", such depictions are exempt from the provision of 18 U.S.C. §2257 and 28 C.F.R. 75 because:
they do not portray actual sexually explicit conduct as specifically defined in 18 U.S.C §2256 (2) (A)(i)-(iv);
they do not portray depictions of the genitals or pubic area created after July 27, 2006;
they do not portray simulated sexually explicit activity created after the effective date of Title 18 U.S.C. §2257A; or,
they were created prior to July 3, 1995.
Exemption Statement - Content Produced by Third Parties: The operators of this website are not the "producers" of any depictions of actual or simulated sexually explicit conduct appearing thereon. Instead, the activities of the operators of this website, with respect to such content, are limited to the transmission, storage, retrieval, hosting and/or formatting of depictions posted by third party users, on areas of the website under the user's control. The operators are thus exempt from compliance with Section 2257 records keeping or labeling obligations pursuant to 28 C.F.R. §75.1(c)(4). Pursuant to Title 18 U.S.C. §2257(h)(2)(B)(v) and 47 U.S.C. §230(c), the operators of this website reserve the right to delete content posted by users which operators deem to be indecent, obscene, defamatory or inconsistent with their policies and/or terms of service.
Questions or comments regarding this Exemption Statement should be addressed to: compliance@clips4sale.com
 
About Us | Title 2257 | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | DMCA |Google+ 
PARENTS! USE THESE SITES TO FILTER ADULT CONTENT!
RSAC | Cyber Patrol | Safesurf | NetNanny | CyberSitter
The contents of the site service (Clips4Sale, Videos4Sale, Images4Sale) are intent for the personal non commercial use of its users. All materials published on the site (including, but not limited to news articles, photographs images, illustrations, audio clips and video clips collectively, 'content') are protected by Copyright (C), Trademark and all other applicable intellectual property laws, and are owned and controlled by Clips4Sale, Videos4Sale, Images4Sale or the party credited as the provider of such content, software or other materials. You shall abide by Copyright (C) or other notices, information and restrictions appearing in conjunction with any content accessed through the service. All models on this site are 18 or older. Title 2257
