Having Clips4Sale.Com Distribute Your Media Is Easy, Fast And Free...
Set-Up Time Is Less Than 10 Minutes And There's No Set-Up Fee!

If you are a producer or authorized content re-seller, Clips4Sale.com can securely host your media and enable you to open a studio to offer it for sale. Approved producers and re-sellers can upload their media to their Clips4Sale.com studio account and upon approval by copyright and quality control editors, your media can be downloaded by customers. 

Each time media is purchased from your studio, the producer/re-seller earns revenue. When you have earned at least $50.00 ($150.00 minimum for International Producers) you will receive a payout by *ACH, Check or *Wire Transfer (*ACH is for U.S. Only and *Wire Transfers: $20.00 fee per U.S. Wire Transfer and a $45.00 fee per International Wire) on the 7th of each month for the previous month's sales revenue.

Revenue Percentage Payouts are as follows: 

Clip Store is a 60/40 split in the store owner's favor.
Tributes are a 75/25 split in the store owner's favor.
Image Store is a 60/40 split in the store owner's favor.
Video/DVD Store is a 75/25 split in the store owner's favor.
Members Site is a 50/50 split.

Clips4Sale.com is Truly Royalty-Free! If you are a producer or a seller of video media most services limit your ability to resell your media with their so called "royalty-free" media incentives - but not at Clips4Sale.com! You'll find a large selection of high resolution media on Clips4Sale.com and more high resolution media is being added daily. Get started selling your media today!

You Get Four Stores in One Studio! 

Here is what you get when you sign-up: 

Downloadable Video Clip Account - www.clips4sale.com - You can post individual video clips on this store that are at least 2 minutes in length and not bigger than 1.2GB in overall size. 

Downloadable Image Account - www.images4sale.com - You can post photo sets on this store that are packaged in .ZIP file format (you will need to use a program that can compress them into a .ZIP file). 

Video Account (DVD & VHS) - www.videos4sale.com - You can sell your hard good videos (DVD, VHS, etc.) on this store. You are responsible for shipping the goods and we take care of everything else! 

Membership Site Account - www.C4SLive.com - You can create a member based website and stream your videos online, add photo sets and other great personalized features. Member sites have a 30 day non-recurring fee and content can only be accessed online. 

Rules and Regulations:

Please read and follow these rules very carefully, breaking ANY of the following rules could result in your studio being permanently closed. 
Intentionally Violating Rules - No content (clips, videos or images) can be sold on Clips4Sale that intentionally violates our stated Rules and Regulations (Ex. You can not knowingly sell a clip with our services the violates any of our rules and then provide a "full, uncut" version outside of Clips4Sale via email or other means, etc.). If you are found doing this your studio and/or master account (all studios) may be permanently closed and/or terminated.
No Underage Material Real or Simulated (ex., sex with dolls) - All actors must be and appear 18 years of age or older in any clips, videos or images.
No Horror/Snuff - You cannot act out someone being maimed or killed in any clips, videos or images.
No Necro (necrophilia) - You cannot have sex with dead people in any clips, videos or images.
No Blood - There cannot be any blood or simulated blood shown in any clips, videos or images.
No Asphyxiation - You cannot suffocate or insinuate altering someone's breathing in any way (ex., choking, strangulation, hanging by the neck etc.) in any clips, videos or images.
No Animal Sex - There cannot be any sex with animals. Please make sure there are no any animals at all in the clips, videos or images.
No Forced Sex - You can not imply someone is being forced to have sex against their will in any clips, videos or images.
No Non-consensual Sex - You can't show someone having sexual intercourse against their will or without their knowledge (ex., they are passed out or sleeping, i.e., their eyes are closed) in any clips, videos or images.
No Hardcore Bondage with Sex - You cannot have someone fully bound (both arms and both legs) and penetrate them in any way. No full bondage with penetration of any kind. If someone has all four (4) limbs bound, they cannot be penetrated in any clips, videos or images.
No Vomit - You can not show any vomit in any clips, videos or images.
No Scat (feces) - There cannot be any feces or simulated feces in any clips, videos or images.
No Pissing/Peeing (urine) - There cannot be any peeing on other people or show someone consuming urine in any clips, videos or images.
No Fisting - There cannot be vaginal fisting or anal fisting in any clips, videos or images.
No Chloroform - You cannot use or imply using any type of chemical to render someone unconscious in any clips, videos or images.
No Weapons - There can be no weapons shown on Clips4Sale in any clips, videos or images. This includes prop/fake weapons.
No Drugs - There cannot be any drugs shown on Clips4Sale in any clips, videos or images.
No Intoxication - Someone cannot be intoxicated during sex in any clips, videos or images. This includes, but is not limited to: Alcohol and all other substances that cause intoxication or can cause someone to be considered as being under the influence.
No Crushing - There is to be no crushing of any animals in any clips, videos or images. Such as, but not limited to: crabs, lobsters, spiders, fish, scorpions, lizards, etc.
Sample Clip Account      Sign Up Here

Let's Get Started!

WHAT YOU MUST HAVE IN ORDER TO APPLY FOR A STUDIO: 

Step 1 - All new studios (US and International) are required to submit two (2) forms of identification for the studio owner listed on the application before access to the account is enabled and billing is activated. Please use all true and legal information, do not use nicknames or stage names. 

Please Note: If you currently have an active studio with us and you are using the same account information to set-up a new studio, you do not need to submit your photo ID or other documents again.

REQUIREMENTS FOR ALL UNITED STATES PRODUCERS

A valid photo ID (passport, driver's license or military ID). Your Photo ID must match the name on the account application.
In addition, ALL producers from the United States MUST fill out and SIGN with your actual signature (we do not accept electronic signatures) a W9 form for tax purposes. You can find the W9 form here: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw9.pdf - Please remember you MUST print and sign this document, electronic signatures are not accepted and an application will be denied until we have a signed W9 on file.

REQUIREMENTS FOR ALL INTERNATIONAL PRODUCERS

A valid photo ID (passport, driver's license or military ID). Your Photo ID must match the name on the account application.
A current utility bill (power, water, cable or anything else that shows your real name and matches the payout address you listed on your application).

BEFORE YOUR STUDIO IS ACTIVATED FOR CREDIT CARD PROCESSING:

Step 2 - In addition to the documents that must be submitted, you must add and make active the following unique files for each different store. Each store has its own requirements which must be met before credit card processing will be activated. 

TO ACTIVATE YOUR CLIPS4SALE.COM STORE . TEN (10) UNIQUE CLIPS REQUIRED

Unique Clips: You MUST have 10 unique clips and not a single clip in various different formats. The 10 unique clips can be multiple parts of a clip along with the full version of the clip.

For example - Unique: 
Video Clip 1 - Part 1 
Video Clip 1 - Part 2 
Video Clip 1 - Part 3 
Video Clip 1 - Full Version

Example - Not Unique: 
Video Clip 1 - WMV Version 
Video Clip 1 - MPG Version 
Video Clip 1 - MP4 Version 
Video Clip 1 - MOV Version 

TO ACTIVATE YOUR IMAGES4SALE.COM STORE - FIVE (5) UNIQUE ZIP FILES REQUIRED (MINIMUM OF 100 PHOTOS / 20 UNIQUE IMAGES PER ZIP FILE)

Unique Files: You MUST have 5 unique zip files (20 images per zip file minimum) added and activated in your store (the minimum you can charge for a photo set is $5.99).

For example - Unique Zip Files:
Photo Set 1 Sue - sue001.zip - (20 images per zip file minimum)
Photo Set 2 Kim - kim001.zip - (20 images per zip file minimum)
Photo Set 3 Pat - pat001.zip - (20 images per zip file minimum)
Photo Set 4 Joe - joe001.zip - (20 images per zip file minimum)
Photo Set 5 Jim - jim001.zip - (20 images per zip file minimum)

TO ACTIVATE YOUR VIDEOS4SALE.COM STORE - FIVE (5) UNIQUE VIDEO TITLES REQUIRED

Unique Titles: You MUST have 5 unique video titles available for sale (videos must be greater than or equal to 15 minutes long and the video price must be greater than or equal to $15.99).

For example - Unique Titles: 
DVD Movie - Title 1 
DVD Movie - Title 2 
DVD Movie - Title 3 
DVD Movie - Title 4 
DVD Movie - Title 5 

TO ACTIVATE YOUR C4SLIVE.COM MEMBER SITE - TEN (10) UNIQUE CLIPS REQUIRED or ONE HUNDRED (100) UNIQUE PHOTOS

Unique Clips: You MUST have 10 unique clips and not a single clip in various different formats. The 10 unique clips can be multiple parts of a clip along with the full version of the clip.

For example - Unique Clips: 
Video Clip 1 - Part 1 
Video Clip 1 - Part 2 
Video Clip 1 - Part 3 
Video Clip 1 - Full Version 

Example - Not Unique Clips:
Video Clip 1 - WMV Version 
Video Clip 1 - MPG Version 
Video Clip 1 - MP4 Version 
Video Clip 1 - MOV Version 

Until the required criteria are met a banner stating (** THIS STORE IS UNABLE TO ACCEPT PAYMENTS AT THIS TIME **) will remain at the top of your store(s). 

Producer/Studio Support Hours 
8AM EST to 8PM EST / 7 days a week / 365 days a year for your assistance. 

Send Us An Email
Email: studiosupport@clips4sale.com

Submit A Support Ticket
http://support.clips4sale.com 

Join Live Chat Support (8AM EST to 8PM EST)
http://support.clips4sale.com 

Call Us (8AM EST to 8PM EST)
Toll Free: 877-312-8559
Direct: 727-498-6511

How To Fax Us Documents
Include your studio number or username on your documents and send to: 727-498-6515
HOSTING - We host and distribute all clips on our secure Linux servers.

BANDWIDTH - We handle all the bandwidth used to download clips on our High Speed OC-192 lines.

STORAGE - We store all clips on our secure Linux servers.

PROCESSING - We handle all credit card processing with 128bit secure SSL technology.

DISCREET BILLING - All credit card transactions will be discreetly billed.

SERVICE - We handle all customer service questions and/or problems. We even have a toll free number for customers to call 24 hours a day / 7 days a week / 365 days a year!

ROYALTY - We pay out a 60% Royalty on all Clip sales, 60% on all Image sales, 75% on all Video/DVD sales and 50% on all Member Site sales made. All Royalties are dispersed on the 7th of each month!

UPLOADING - We have our own uploading system so there is no need for an FTP program. It's very simple to use and will make life easier for those who are not too computer savvy.

TUTORIALS - We are always adding new tutorials to assist producers in using our website and getting the most out of Clips4Sale. If you need help please contact us and one of our Studio Support Staff will be able to assist you. Check out the new tutorials for the Banner Generator: Make your own custom graphics and banners for your studio and the Clips4Sale Widget: Add a widget to your website to show your most recent updates!

S.C.C. - Clips4sale uses Secure Clip Connect for all clip downloads. This new technology was designed exclusively for Clips4Sale to eliminate any unauthorized clip downloads. Other distributors can't offer this technology to you and if you're not using Clips4Sale as a distributor, then chances are you are losing money.

E-MAIL LIST - We provide an easy to use customer email list that can be used to mass mail at any time. This will be essential to increase the volume of clip, photo set and video distribution by emailing previous customers about your updates!

STATS - You have the ability to check your clip/picture/video stats and sales 24/7. Detailed stats tell you which clip/picture/video is selling well.

HIT COUNTER - We provide you with a Traffic Hit Counter so you can see where your traffic is coming from.

SEARCH - We provide four (4) ways to search Clips4Sale.com for customers to search through the material we represent.

ADVERTISING/PROMOTION - Clips4sale.com is one of the largest and most trafficked adult web site on the internet today with over 20,000,000+ fetish hungry visitors each and every month. By opening your very own adult studio on Clips4Sale.com, you will be ensured that each clip, photo set or video you upload has the potential to be seen by the hundreds of thousands of visitors daily! That fact alone makes opening your own studio with Clips4Sale.com a very profitable decision. We will also advertise your studio banner on our main page for FREE! Nobody even compares to Clips4Sale.com and we know how important promotion is! So don't wait, get started today! 

CUSTOMER SUPPORT - 24 hours a day / 7 days a week / 365 days a year!

STUDIO SUPPORT - Please contact us 8AM EST to 8PM EST / 7 days a week / 365 days a year for your assistance to help you with any technical questions you might have: Email: studiosupport@clips4sale.com or Direct: 727-498-6511
